_header.md, before:

# terraform-azurerm-avm-template

This is a template repo for Terraform Azure Verified Modules.

Things to do:

1. Set up a GitHub repo environment called `test`.
1. Configure environment protection rule to ensure that approval is required before deploying to this environment.
1. Create a user-assigned managed identity in your test subscription.
1. Create a role assignment for the managed identity on your test subscription, use the minimum required role.
1. Configure federated identity credentials on the user assigned managed identity. Use the GitHub environment.
1. Create the following environment secrets on the `test` environment:
   1. AZURE_CLIENT_ID
   1. AZURE_TENANT_ID
   1. AZURE_SUBSCRIPTION_ID
1. Search and update TODOs within the code and remove the TODO comments once complete.

Major version Zero (0.y.z) is for initial development. Anything MAY change at any time. A module SHOULD NOT be considered stable till at least it is major version one (1.0.0) or greater. Changes will always be via new versions being published and no changes will be made to existing published versions. For more details please go to <https://semver.org/>

Commit message:

fix avm template alignment (#4)
* fix: grept apply (#3)

Co-authored-by: github-actions[bot] <github-actions[bot]@users.noreply.github.com>

* fix: AVM template alignment

* this re-aligns the template with fixes based on https://github.com/Azure/terraform-azurerm-avm-template/pull/106

---------

Co-authored-by: Matt White <16320656+matt-FFFFFF@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: github-actions[bot] <github-actions[bot]@users.noreply.github.com>

_header.md, after:

# terraform-azurerm-avm-template

This is a template repo for Terraform Azure Verified Modules.

Things to do:

1. Set up a GitHub repo environment called `test`.
1. Configure environment protection rule to ensure that approval is required before deploying to this environment.
1. Create a user-assigned managed identity in your test subscription.
1. Create a role assignment for the managed identity on your test subscription, use the minimum required role.
1. Configure federated identity credentials on the user assigned managed identity. Use the GitHub environment.
1. Search and update TODOs within the code and remove the TODO comments once complete.

> [!IMPORTANT]
> As the overall AVM framework is not GA (generally available) yet - the CI framework and test automation is not fully functional and implemented across all supported languages yet - breaking changes are expected, and additional customer feedback is yet to be gathered and incorporated. Hence, modules **MUST NOT** be published at version `1.0.0` or higher at this time.
> 
> All module **MUST** be published as a pre-release version (e.g., `0.1.0`, `0.1.1`, `0.2.0`, etc.) until the AVM framework becomes GA.
> 
> However, it is important to note that this **DOES NOT** mean that the modules cannot be consumed and utilized. They **CAN** be leveraged in all types of environments (dev, test, prod etc.). Consumers can treat them just like any other IaC module and raise issues or feature requests against them as they learn from the usage of the module. Consumers should also read the release notes for each version, if considering updating to a more recent version of a module to see if there are any considerations or breaking changes etc.
